DOCS-3187: Add hot data store docs (#4068)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/data-ai/capture-data/advanced/advanced-data-capture-sync.md

| `retention_policy` | object | Optional | Option to configure how long data collected by this component or service should remain stored in the Viam Cloud. You must set this in JSON mode. See the JSON example for a camera component. <br> **Options:** `"days": <int>`, `"binary_limit_gb": <int>`, `"tabular_limit_gb": <int>`. <br> Days are in UTC time. Setting a retention policy of 1 day means that data stored now will be deleted the following day **in UTC time**. You can set either or both of the size limit options and size is in gigabytes. The `retention_policy` does not affect logs. For information about logs, see [Logging](/operate/reference/viam-server/#logging). |
| `recent_data_store` | object | Optional | Configure a rolling time frame of recent data to store in a [hot data store](#capture-to-the-hot-data-store) for faster access. Example: `{ "stored_hours": 24 }` |
| `additional_params` | depends | depends | Varies based on the method. For example, `ReadImage` requires a MIME type. |

{{< /expand >}}

You can edit the JSON directly by switching to **JSON** mode in the UI.

> ### Capture to hot data storage

Author: ```suggestion
### Capture to the hot data store
```

> ### Capture to the Hot Data Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Capture to hot data storage
```
[opt] Based on Googling seems like this is how it's talked about more often so good to include this for search
But at least fix caps if not a product name

> If you want faster access to your most recent sensor readings, you can configure a hot data store.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want faster access to your most recent sensor readings, you can configure hot data storage.
```

> If you want faster access to your most recent sensor readings, you can configure a hot data store.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want faster access to your most recent sensor readings, you can configure hot data storage.
```

> If you want faster access to your most recent sensor readings, you can configure a hot data store.

Reviewer: Is it "a" or the"? "a" makes sense here but then see comment above

> The hot data store keeps a rolling window of hot data in a database for faster queries.

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to remove `in a database` from here. Only reason being I don't really want to expose implementation details like this in docs?

> The hot data store keeps a rolling window of hot data in a database for faster queries.

Author: sure 
```suggestion
The hot data store keeps a rolling window of hot data for faster queries.
```

All historical data remains in your default storage.

To configure the hot data store:

1. Use the `recent_data_store` attribute on each capture method in your data manager service.
2. Configure your queries' data source to the hot data store by passing the `use_recent_data` boolean argument to [tabularDataByMQL](/dev/reference/apis/data-client/#tabulardatabymql).

{{% expand "Click to view a sample configuration" %}}

The following sample configuration captures data from a sensor at 0.5 Hz.

> It stores the last 24 hours of data in a shared recent-data database, while continuing to write all data to blob storage:

Author: ```suggestion
`viam-server` stores the last 24 hours of data in a shared recent-data database, while continuing to write all data to blob storage:
```

> It stores the last 24 hours of data in a shared recent-data database, while continuing to write all data to blob storage:

Reviewer: Technically the config does not capture or store, but rather the data manager does, but I think this is fine to leave as-is
